[9518] Drop support for v2026.0 (#6195)
DFE-Digital/register-trainee-teachers: tech_docs/source/api-docs/v2026.0/index.html.md

---
title: v2026.0 (Removed)
weight: 7
---

# v2026.0 - API Version Removed

This API version has been **permanently removed** and is no longer supported.

## What happened?

> API version v2026.0 was a preview version. It was discontinued on **3rd June 2026** and superseded by [v2026.1](/api-docs/v2026.1/). All its documentation has been removed.

Reviewer: I would suggest tweaking this a bit to remove 'preview version' in case it gets confused with a `-pre` version, and pointing out when v2026.1 was released.
```suggestion
API version v2026.0 was superseded by [v2026.1](/api-docs/v2026.1/) on 20 March 2026, and discontinued on **5 June 2026**. All its documentation has been removed.
```

## What should I do?

Please migrate to the current supported preview version:

> * **[v2026.1](/api-docs/v2026.1/)** - The current supported preview API version

Reviewer: Again just wary of using preview version.
```suggestion
Please migrate to the current supported test version:

* **[v2026.1](/api-docs/v2026.1/)** - The current supported 2026 API version available for testing in the sandbox environment
```
